Verify Power Supply Size (#1393)
home-assistant/operating-system: Documentation/partition.md

$ systemctl status mnt-data.mount
```
If the data partition was moved to your USB drive you should see ```sh Active: active (mounted)  ``` in the output. Also, it will show, which drive got mounted as /mnt/data (```sh Where ``` and ```sh what ``` section of the output)

> ## Verify Power Supply Size (3.5A strongly recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check Power Supply Rating
```

> Using an attached SSD will most likely draw more power than the official Power supply (PS) that comes with the Rpi can deliver. Advice is to use one that provides at least 3.5A These will not be available in every region. Alternatively use a powered USB hub. Connect the Hub to 1 of the USB slots of your Rpi, and connect the SSD to the Hub. The PS that came with the Hub will power the attached device(s), and the PS for the Rpi will only have to take care of the Rpi.

Reviewer: This is a generic section. It's ok to mention Raspberry Pi, but I think we need to be a bit more clear. Also the official Raspberry Pi 4 power supply has a voltage of 5.1V to counter voltage drop a bit, but I doubt that 5.1V power supplies are commonly available.

```suggestion
Using an USB attached SSD can draw quite some power. For instance on Raspberry Pi 3 the official Raspberry Pi power supply (PSU) only provides 2.5A which can be too tight. Use a power supply which can at least provide 3.5A. Alternatively use a powered USB hub. Connect the Hub to one of the USB slots of your Raspberry Pi, and connect the SSD to the Hub. The power supply that came with the Hub will power the attached device(s).
```

Author: That is a perfect improvement, thanks
